{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14200\viewh16100\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Arduino code - MRSensorLimits.ino\

\b0 \
Run this code. Open the serial monitors and take note of the two values.\
\

\b \
\
Arduino code - hapkit_IU_E399_Lab01_V2.ino\

\b0 \

\i\b Either use the new version and copy your edits in, or make the following changes in your code.\

\i0\b0 \
In the block of #define:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Define SPS to 500. This will be your sampling rate.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Define PRESCALE to 8. This adjusts the timer frequency which affects both PWM and millis/micros/delay functions. Your motor might whine a bit, but your sample timing will be much more consistent.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
In the variable declaration block, find the lines where we set the variables MR_min and MR_max. Replace these values with the numbers you got from the MRSensorLimits script.\
\
\
We will also change the mode of the PWM control for the motor from Phase-correct to Fast. Near the bottom of the file, in the function setPwmFrequency, copy this code in place of the second conditional statement.\
\
 if (pin == 5) \{\
    // WGM = 011 ---> Fast PWM, TOP = 255 (sets period)\
    // WGM00, WGM01 are bits 0, 1 of TCCR0A, WGM01 is bit 3 of TCCR0B\
    // COM0A = 10 ----> non-inverted, COM0A0, COM0A1 are bits 4,5 on TCCR0A\
    // CS0 = prescale above ----> CS00, CS01, CS02 are bits 0,1,2 on TCCR0B\
\
    TCCR0A =  _BV(COM0A1) | _BV(WGM01) | _BV(WGM00);\
    TCCR0B = TCCR0B&0b11111000|prescale;\
  \}\
\
\
\

\b Python code - HapkitViz.py and E399_Lab01.py\
\

\b0 I\'92ve split the Python code for this lab into two files. HapkitViz defines some helper functions and classes. You\'92ll run E399_Lab01 to start the visualizations.\
\
I\'92ve added a data logging feature. If you press \'93d\'94 during an experiment, it will log data (time, angle, force) to a text file named terrain_NUM.txt (e.g. Valley_03.txt). By default, the data folder will be created as a subfolder of whichever directory your code files are in. If you\'92d like to change this, change lines 26 and 27, replacing CWD with whatever path you prefer.}